I'm Stefan Lesser,
Technology Evangelist at Apple.
As a developer, you spend lots of time
with our development tools.
However, there's a chance that you are
so focused on writing code that
you haven't tried many of the
advanced features we introduced
to Xcode in the last few releases.
And they can make app
development so much easier.
In this presentation,
I'm going to show you some of the latest
techniques which make it easier for you
to create state of the art apps for iOS.
First,
let's make sure your projects are ready
for using the latest best practices.
Then I'll cover Storyboarding,
a major new technique to design
your app's user interface,
giving you a complete overview of your
application's flow in one single place.
You will learn about behaviors,
which is a great way to make Xcode
adapt to your own personal workflow.
And finally,
I'm going to show you how Xcode
helps you with setting up your
test devices and how you can use
archives to distribute your apps.
So, let's get started.
Modernizing your project.
What does that actually mean?
So you've just downloaded and installed
the latest tools and the latest SDK,
so you're all set, right?
Not quite.
It's not enough to just install
the latest version of the tools.
You should also ask yourself
some additional questions.
Are your build settings up to date?
What's your base SDK?
What's your deployment target?
And which compiler do you use?
Let's see why these
questions are important.
How can you make sure your build
settings are up to date and you
use the latest best practices?
Well, how do you know what the
latest best practices are?
Xcode knows.
So when you open a project,
Xcode will automatically check
your project and build settings
and it will make you aware of
anything that needs to be updated.
If Xcode finds any settings
that should be updated,
this Project Modernization
Workflow sheet comes up.
You just click Perform Changes
and Xcode will change all these
settings for you automatically.
Also, you can deselect any changes you
don't want it to make right now
and then get back to this sheet
later from the project navigator.
But really,
if Xcode brings up anything here, fix it.
This way you make sure your
project confirms to the latest
SDKs and the latest best practices,
which will save you lots
of time later and make sure
your project is future proof.
Then there's the base SDK.
You should always use the latest SDK.
Of course,
this is the only way for you to
leverage new APIs and frameworks
introduced in that version of the SDK.
But even if you don't use them today,
you will also benefit from bug fixes
and performance enhancements that we
add to every operating system release.
So make sure your base SDK setting
always points to the latest SDK.
And then there's the deployment target.
This is what you set to support
any previous versions of iOS.
Set this back to the earliest
version of iOS you want to support.
Every API which has been introduced as
part of this version you're targeting,
or APIs from the versions before that,
you can use these without
any special considerations.
But when you move this setting down,
you create a gap between the base
SDK and the deployment target.
And new APIs introduced in the
versions as part of this gap
will be dynamically linked.
Which means you can and
you should use them.
But whenever you do so,
you must not forget to check for
their availability at runtime.
And you should also have a fallback in
place so you can still deliver a great
experience for all of your users running
the latest and previous versions of iOS.
Finally, let's talk about the compiler.
Since Xcode 4.2, GCC is no longer shipped
as part of Xcode.
The LLVM compiler is the
new default compiler.
We finished our compiler transition to
LLVM for a couple of important reasons.
LLVM is designed for speed,
flexibility and modularity.
It compiles about twice as fast as GCC.
At the same time it generates
better optimized code.
And we are using LLVM technology as
the basis for many features in Xcode,
like Code Completion and Fixit.
And LLVM enables us to implement
support for new language features,
which allows us to do amazing things
like automatic reference counting.
Arc would not have been possible
without LLVM because of the way
Compiler and Runtime work together.
Arc might very well be the
feature that has the most
impact on how you develop apps.
And this is why we have a
whole session about Arc.
So make sure you check out
the Arc session as well.
And back to your compiler settings.
If you haven't yet done so,
switch to LLVM and make sure
your project builds with LLVM.
Okay, so this is how you keep
your project up to date.
Update your build settings
to the latest best practices.
Make sure you always
use the latest base SDK.
Choose your deployment target wisely.
And switch to LLVM so you can
use great features like Arc.
Next, let's look at Storyboarding.
At some point in your
development process,
preferably early at the beginning,
you need to think about
your app's design.
And you need to figure out two things.
What are the different screens
you want to have in your app?
And how do you navigate between them?
So let's say you want to create a
very simple app to keep track of
a list of things you care about.
For example, all the great books
you still want to read.
A simple reading list app.
So what are the different screens
you want to design for this app?
Well, first you need the list of things,
in this case the reading list.
This could be just a simple table view.
Then when you select a row in that list,
you want to see the details of that item.
For books,
this would be something like the title,
the author, maybe some notes,
and maybe a picture of the cover.
So you need a detail view.
And then of course, you need a way to add
new items to the list.
So you put a little plus button on top
of your list and when you tap that,
you get to another screen
where you can enter all the
information about that new book.
Okay, so now you have a rough concept
of your application's flow.
And once you know which screens you need,
UIKit makes it very easy for you to
model these with ViewControllers.
For each screen you create a view
controller and then you configure
the views in Interface Builder.
And so you end up with
three view controllers.
So the screens map nicely
to view controllers,
but what happens to the transitions?
What happens to all the arrows
on your UI sketch pointing
from one screen to another?
Well, they used to end up all
over the place in your code.
Whenever you transitioned
to a new screen,
you wrote code to instantiate
the new view controller,
prepare the necessary data,
and then transition to it.
But now with Storyboarding,
we introduce a way for you to model
these transitions in one single place,
together with the rest
of your user interface.
And that's the storyboard.
This is what it looks like in Xcode.
It gives you a much better view
over your application's flow.
And you can see all your app's
view controllers on one big canvas.
And you can now define the
transitions between them right
in Interface Builder as well.
So let's take our reading list idea
and see how easy it is to turn that
into an app with Storyboarding.
The first thing you need to do
is to create the storyboard.
And this means you need to lay
out the view controllers and in
storyboards we call them scenes.
And then you need to define the
transitions and relationships
between different scenes.
And these are called segways.
So let's do this.
When you create a new project in Xcode,
make sure "Use Storyboards" is selected.
This will create a storyboard file
in your project and it sets it as
the main storyboard for your app.
And when you open that storyboard,
you see this giant blank canvas
where you can put all your scenes.
To create a new scene in the storyboard,
just drag any view controller
from the library to the canvas.
You can put scenes wherever
you want on the canvas and you
can rearrange them as you like.
Now, what are scenes?
Scenes are just view
controllers in a storyboard.
And they work exactly like you
are used to from working with
Nib files in Interface Builder.
Just drag views over
from the object library.
You can move them, resize them,
edit them.
Everything works just as it did before.
And now that you can have multiple
scenes in the same storyboard,
one of these scenes will
be the initial scene.
And this will be the one that will
be displayed right after app launch.
Below each view controller on the canvas,
you will see the dock.
The dock gives you access to any
top level objects for this scene
and you can use this to wire up
outlets to the view controller,
for example,
and you can also put any other
top level objects in here as well.
And that's it.
That's how you create a
storyboard and layout your scenes.
So now let's define the
transitions between them.
And for this we have Segways.
A Segway represents a connection
between two view controllers,
a source view controller and
a destination view controller.
The great thing about
Segways is at runtime,
they take care of a couple of
things for you automatically.
They instantiate the destination
view controller for you and
they initiate the transition.
So you no longer have to
write this code yourself.
You just define a Segway
in the Storyboard.
And segues come in different styles.
There's a push segue if you want to
use a push transition with navigation
controllers or a modal segue for
bringing up a modal view controller.
Now,
push and modal segues work for iPhone
as well as iPad user interfaces.
And if you're building an iPad UI,
you can also have popover segues for
use with popovers and a replace segue,
for example, to switch the detail pane
in a split view controller.
If you want to come up with your
own visual transition style,
you can also create custom segues
and create your own transition.
And finally,
there's a relationship segue,
which isn't really a transition.
It just defines a relationship
between two view controllers,
like the relationship between
the navigation controller
and its root view controller.
So let's build the storyboard
for the Reading List app.
Let's say you already prepared
the two scenes for the
Reading List View Controller and
the Book Details View Controller.
A good way to navigate between them
is by using a Navigation Controller.
So whenever a user taps a table cell,
the details for that book come up.
And he can go back to the list
by tapping the back button.
To model this, you first embed the
Reading List View Controller in
a Navigation View Controller.
And there's an "Embed in Navigation
Controller" action in the editor menu.
And if you do that,
two things will happen.
First, the Navigation Controller shows up
as a separate scene connected to the
Reading List View Controller with
a relationship segue.
Because the
Reading List View Controller is
the Root View Controller.
And second,
the Reading List View Controller now
also gets a navigation bar where you can
set a title and add the plus button to
bring up the Add View Controller later.
Now you create a transition from
the Reading List View Controller to
the Book Details View Controller by
control dragging from the table
view cell in the source scene to
anywhere in the destination scene.
And then you choose the type
of Segway you want to create.
In this case,
you want to create a push Segway.
And then you're almost done.
The push segway shows up as an arrow.
And the Book Details View Controller now
gets a navigation bar as well.
There's one more thing
you want to do now.
Segways are selectable
objects in Interface Builder
and they have attributes.
So if you select the push
segue by just clicking on it,
You can set an identifier for this
Segway in the attribute inspector.
And you want to give that
Segway a name so you can refer
to it later on in your code.
And that's all you need to do for
the Book Details View Controller.
And you repeat almost the same steps
for the Add Book View Controller.
Again,
embed the Add Book View Controller in
a Navigation Controller.
Although you don't really need the
Navigation Controller just yet,
you probably want to add things like
a genre selection menu later on.
And for this,
a Navigation Controller is quite useful.
Also, this gives you an easy way
to add the Done and Cancel
buttons to the Navigation Bar.
And finally, wire up another Segway,
this time from the Add button in
the reading list to the navigation
controller you just created.
And this time you use a modal Segway
to bring up the AdBook user interface
modally on top of the reading list.
And don't forget to give that
Segway an identifier as well.
And this is your application's flow,
all in one place in just one storyboard.
So your user interface is
all wired up and ready to go.
The next step is to
implement your data model.
You can use simple data model objects or
managed objects from a core data backend.
But we won't look at these things in
this video as this is out of scope
for storyboarding and I'm pretty sure
you already know how this works and
it doesn't change for storyboarding.
So make sure you have your
model objects in place,
some sample data to test with,
and you implemented the table
view data source for the reading
list view controller so that it
actually displays some books.
And then you're ready to look into how
you can pass data from one scene to
another and how to get results back.
You need to pass data from the
reading list to the Book Details view.
Because the Book Details view
controller needs to know which
book details it should display.
At this point, the view controller
transition already works.
You just need to prepare
and send over the data.
To do this, we introduce a new API on
UI View Controller,
which is Prepare for Segway.
This method gets called
whenever a Segway is initiated.
And this is the central place in
your UI view controller subclass
to prepare for the transition.
All you need to do is to override prepare
for Segway on the source view controller.
First, you check for which
Segway has been initiated,
as you can easily have more than
one Segway starting from the
same source view controller.
To identify which Segway it is,
check for the identifier you
set up in Interface Builder.
And you should always do this,
even if you only have one Segway today,
because this is just how you
can future-proof your code.
In this case,
you check for the Show Details Segway.
And then you prepare the data for
the Destination View Controller.
You get access to the Destination
View Controller through a property
on the UIStoryboardSegway object.
In this case,
the Destination View Controller is
the BookDetailsViewController.
And now you can just set
the Book property on the
Book Details View Controller to the book
that has been selected in the table view.
And that's how you pass
data over to another scene.
But how can you get results back?
You might not need this
for the book details,
but you need this when you
want to add a new book.
If the user taps the plus button and
the add book UI slides up modally,
you want to know if the
user taps done or cancel.
And if he taps done,
the data about the new book he just
entered needs to get back somehow
so it can be added to the list.
And finally, the modal view controller
can be dismissed.
For this,
we use a very common pattern in Cocoa,
which is delegation.
Let's see what do you need to
implement a proper delegation pattern.
First of all, you need a host object,
which provides a way for
delegates to register.
That's usually a simple
delegate property.
It also defines the delegation protocol,
and it needs to make sure
that it actually calls the
methods on the delegate.
And of course you also
need a delegate object.
The delegate registers itself
with the host object and it
implements the delegation protocol.
So to get data back,
the source view controller will
be the delegate here waiting for
the destination view controller,
which is the host object,
to call back with the data.
So let's implement that.
So we start with the same
prepare for segue method in the
Reading List View Controller,
because that's again the source view
controller for the second segue.
But this time,
look for the other segue's identifier,
@Book in this case.
The source view controller doesn't have
to pass any data model object here,
but it passes itself as delegate.
This works pretty much the same
by just setting a property on
the destination view controller.
However, there's one thing you
need to be careful about.
Remember, in the storyboard you embedded
the @Book View Controller in
a Navigation Controller.
So the destination View Controller here
is the Navigation Controller.
What you really want is the
top View Controller from
that Navigation Controller,
which is the @Book View Controller.
And that's step one.
The source view controller is
now registered as a delegate with
the destination view controller.
Of course, for this to work,
the destination view controller
needs to accept the delegate.
So it needs to provide
a property for that.
Note that to avoid retain cycles,
delegate properties are usually
implemented as weak properties
or assigned properties
if you don't use Arc yet,
which you should by the way.
Also, you need the delegation protocol,
which can be very straightforward here.
You just need to consider two cases.
The user actually did create a new book,
and which book that is,
which is the key method
to get the data back,
or the user just canceled the action.
And then you need to make sure that the
host object actually calls the delegate.
When setting up your storyboard,
you wired up actions to the
Done and Cancel buttons in
the Ad Book View Controller.
The Done action creates the new book in
the data model and calls the delegate,
passing the new book back as a parameter.
The Cancel action doesn't need to do
anything other than just telling the
delegate that the user cancelled.
Finally, the delegate needs to
implement the protocol and
react on the delegate methods.
If the user wants to create a new book,
so the @BookViewControllerDid@Book
method gets called,
the delegate adds it to
the list in the data model,
updates the table view,
and dismisses the modal view controller.
If the user canceled,
it just needs to dismiss
the modal view controller.
And that's how you pass data
back and forth between scenes.
Now, for this example,
you created a new project from scratch.
You probably want to know how
you can use storyboards in
your existing projects as well.
If you want to migrate an
existing app to storyboards,
there are two strategies.
The first strategy is
wholesale conversion.
To do this, you start with adding a
storyboard file to your project.
And then you rebuild the whole
user interface in that storyboard.
Which isn't as crazy as it sounds,
because this will also remove
lots of code from your project.
All the view controller instantiation
code and all the code for transitioning
to another scene can be removed
once it's part of the storyboard.
And the remaining code will be much
cleaner as well as you have all the data
passing between scenes in well-defined
places like Prepare for Segway.
Once you've finished building
your UI in the storyboard,
you replace the main Nib file
setting with the main storyboard
file setting and you're done.
Now, if you're looking for a
more incremental approach,
you can do this as well using new APIs.
You can load any storyboard file on
demand at runtime with the UIS Storyboard
StoryboardWithName bundle API.
And with this you can migrate
to storyboards step by step,
or better,
view controller by view controller.
For example, if you implement a new
feature which requires new UI,
just create the new UI as a view
controller in the storyboard
and load them on demand.
To instantiate the initial view
controller of that storyboard,
use the instantiate initial
view controller API.
And you can also instantiate any other
view controller from a storyboard
by just using an identifier.
And there's even more
you can do with that API.
Basically, the whole storyboard is
available to you at runtime.
So if your app has a very
dynamic user interface,
you might want to look into the
UI Storyboard API in more detail.
And this is Storyboards.
All your applications flow in one place.
Now we've looked at your applications
flow for quite some time now,
so let's look at your own
personal workflow now.
Let's look at behaviors.
With behaviors you can make Xcode
adapt to your own personal workflow.
Behaviors define how
Xcode reacts to events.
There are lots of different
events Xcode can react to.
For example, during building, testing,
and running your app.
An Xcode can react with
lots of different actions.
It can just alert you with a sound
or by displaying a bezel alert.
Or it can reconfigure the user interface
to show things that you need in that
situation and hide things you don't need.
And you can even run custom scripts.
But the best way to understand
the power of behaviors is to
actually see that in action.
So let's switch to the demo.
In this demo, let's focus on what happens
when you debug your app.
Before we change anything,
let's look at what Xcode does by default.
So I just run this application here.
And notice how Xcode brings up the
bezel alert that the build succeeded.
And it also brings up the simulator.
I've configured a
breakpoint in this demo.
So let's just hit this breakpoint.
And you can see Xcode
changes the user interface.
It switches from the project navigator
to the debug navigator and it also
brings up the debug area down below.
and you can look at the local
variables and also you have the
console over here waiting for input
so you can do whatever you want to
do while debugging your application
And once you've done with that,
you can just continue.
And Xcode will bring
up the simulator again.
And now when you stop
running your application,
you can see that Xcode brings up
the project navigator again and
it also dismisses the debug area.
Now, let's say you really like working
in the console and you want to
configure Xcode in a way that it
brings up the console automatically
whenever you debug your project.
And you can do this with behaviors.
For that,
let's start with creating a new tab.
Go to the File menu and choose
New Tab and you can also hit Command T.
And let's give that tab a name
by just double clicking the tab.
Let's call that tab Console.
And now let's configure this tab the
way we want the console to look like.
So we don't need any navigator,
so let's get rid of that.
We don't need any utilities here,
so let's get rid of that as well.
But we want to see the console and
the console is part of the debug area.
And we want that to be
as large as possible,
so let's make that larger.
And let's focus on the console here.
That's a nice view to work in the
console and we want to bring this
up whenever the application runs.
Now I can just close the tab here
again because the great thing about
Xcode is that it's remembering
all the settings you made to
the user interface in the tab.
So whenever you bring up this tab again,
it will look exactly like you left it.
And the way to bring up this tab
automatically is by using Behaviors.
So let's configure a behavior by
going to the Edit Behaviors action.
And let's look at the events happening
when you run your application.
So when the run starts,
you want to bring up the Console tab.
When the run pauses,
we don't want to bring up any navigators,
so let's switch that off here.
When the run generates output,
that's okay.
And when the run completes,
we also don't want to
bring up any navigator,
and we also don't want Xcode to
hide the debugger in that case.
Okay, so let's see what happens now
when we run the application.
As you can see, Xcode automatically
brings up the console tab.
And it's exactly like we configured it.
And when I hit this breakpoint again,
It takes us back to this console tab
and the debugger is waiting for input.
You can do your testing.
When you're finished,
you can continue and the
simulator will come back up.
And now when you stop
running your project,
the console tab will still be on
screen and you can use this to look
at the output and use that output
for any analysis you want to make.
And when you're finished with that,
you can just easily
close the console tab.
Xcode will take you back
to the original tab,
which will look exactly like you left it.
And that's how you can use behaviors to
change the way Xcode reacts to events.
There's lots more you
can do with behaviors,
so try this out yourself and configure
Xcode the way you want it to work.
So you've tested your
app in the simulator.
Everything works great,
but now you want to put
it on your testing device.
Or even better,
you want to share it with others on
your team so they can test it too.
For many developers,
this is the first time they learn
about things like code signing,
certificates and provisioning profiles.
The reason is,
every app running on an iOS
device needs to be code signed.
And this means before you can
run the app on your device,
you need to have two things
in place on the test devices.
your app, code signed,
and a provisioning profile.
A provisioning profile authorizes certain
apps to launch on certain devices.
So you need to do some
administrative work before you
can start testing apps on devices.
For testing during development,
you need a development provisioning
profile which authorizes members
of your development team to
build and code sign apps for
devices configured for development.
Which means these devices need to
be registered as test devices in the
provisioning portal and also you need
to have app IDs in place and each
team member needs a signing identity.
And a signing identity is
a combination of a signing
certificate and a private key.
And if you don't have these yet,
you need to request them
in the provisioning portal.
And for that,
you need to generate your own
unique private/public key pair.
And that's all you need to get
your app running on test devices.
Sounds complicated?
Don't worry.
Xcode makes it very easy for you
with automatic device provisioning.
You can also create provisioning
profiles and renew expired
provisioning profiles right from Xcode.
So how difficult is it really to set
yourself up for some on-device testing?
Let's see how automatic device
provisioning helps you with that.
Go to the Xcode Organizer,
the Devices section,
with your device attached
to your development Mac.
And if you've never used this
device for development before,
you'll see a button "Use for
Development". So step one is:
click that button.
Step 2 is you will need to sign in with
your developer account credentials.
And that's it, you're done.
Xcode does everything else
automatically for you.
Which means there is a lot
happening behind the scenes.
If your device hasn't yet been
registered with the portal,
Xcode will do that for you.
It also downloads a generic iOS
team provisioning profile which
enables all members of the team
to sign apps for this profile.
It uses a wildcard app ID so
it authorizes all basic apps
from this team to run on any
device registered for this team.
And if this iOS team provisioning
profile has not yet been created,
it will create it and download
it to your development machine.
If you haven't downloaded your
signing certificate from the portal,
Xcode does that for you too.
And if you haven't even requested it yet,
it requests it for you as well.
And if you're an admin on the team,
it will immediately create
and download your certificate.
If you're not an admin,
it still works all automatically.
You just need to wait for an admin
on the team to approve your request.
Once it has been approved,
go to the Provisioning Profiles section
in the organizer and hit refresh and
Xcode downloads everything for you.
Now, what about apps where you need
a specific provisioning profile?
Let's see how Xcode can help you
creating other provisioning profiles.
There are some iOS technologies
that require an explicit app
ID and they don't work with the
wildcard in the generic profile.
These technologies include Game Center,
Push Notifications and In-App Purchase.
To create a specific provisioning
profile right from Xcode,
go to the organizer,
to Provisioning Profiles and click New.
Again, you might have to sign in
with your developer account.
Once you've done that,
you can configure all the
details of the new profile.
The profile name, the platform,
in this case iOS, the app ID,
and this one needs to be set up
first in the provisioning portal.
And you can select specific devices
which will be authorized to run apps for
this profile and certificates which will
be the signing identities authorized
to codesign apps for this profile.
And as soon as you click Finish,
the profile will be generated and
downloaded to your development machine.
Finally,
what about expired provisioning profiles?
The organizer makes you aware
of any profiles that already
have expired or shortly will be.
To renew them,
simply click the Renew Profile button.
Again, you might need to log in to your
developer account to renew the profile.
And that's how easy it is to set
up your test devices with Xcode.
And that's it about
provisioning profiles.
Now let's look at how you can
manage your app with Xcode.
And this is about archiving.
Archiving is how you
distribute your apps.
You use archives to share
your apps with testers,
to verify your apps before you
submit them to the app store,
and then you can submit
them directly from Xcode.
To create an archive,
you go to the product menu
in Xcode and choose Archive.
This will create an archive for the
currently active build configuration.
So make sure you have a
device configuration selected,
as for the simulator,
the archive action isn't available.
So what is an archive?
An archive is a time
stamped XC archive bundle.
And this bundle includes an install
style build of your application.
and it also includes
separate debug symbols.
And that alone is a very good
reason for you to keep archives for
every version that you distribute
to testers or to the App Store.
Because with it,
you can look at symbolicated crash logs
for every version you have an archive of.
The archive also includes verification
and submission status for your app,
and you can add your own commands too.
Let's look at how archives make it
easier for you to share your apps
with testers and how you submit
apps to the App Store from Xcode.
This is how you share
apps with your testers.
Go to the Archives tab in the Xcode
Organizer and select the app and
then the archive you want to share.
And then click the Distribute button.
Xcode supports several
distribution methods.
For sharing the app with testers,
you pick "Safe for Enterprise"
or "Ad-Hoc Distribution",
which will create an IPA file.
You need to sign the app with an
identity that allows ad hoc distribution
and supports your testers devices.
Then you choose a location where
you want to store the IPA file.
And then you can send
this file to your testers.
Before you ship your app,
you should always test your
app using such an IPA file,
even on your own test devices,
because this package is as close as
it can be to what users will be able
to download from the App Store once
your app is ready for sale.
The recommended way to share an
application with another team is
through sharing the whole archive.
And the workflow is the same as for
sharing the IPA file with your testers.
Again, you click Distribute,
but this time you choose
Export as Xcode Archive.
And you don't have to select an
identity because the app in the
archive will be codesigned for
distribution later on by the other team.
You can then just share this archive
with your customer and they can sign
it with their identity and upload it as
their own app under their own account.
Submitting your app to the
App Store is also very similar.
First of all,
make sure you've set up your
app's metadata in iTunes Connect.
Your app's status in iTunes
Connect should be "Waiting for upload".
Then select the archive of
the app you want to submit and
click the Distribute button.
This time choose Submit to the App Store.
You need to log into iTunes Connect,
choose the appropriate application
record from iTunes Connect and
the correct signing identity
for App Store distribution.
Then Xcode will run some
checks and if everything is OK,
it'll upload your app to iTunes Connect.
And that's how you upload
your apps to the store.
As simple as that.
This was a quick tour of
some of the modern techniques
available to you through Xcode.
You've seen how you set up
your projects to use the latest
SDK features and optimizations.
How Storyboards simplify the way you
design your app's user interface.
How Xcode adapts to your own
personal workflow with behaviors.
How automatic device provisioning makes
your iOS devices ready for testing.
And how you distribute
your apps using archives.
And there's even more
Xcode can help you with.
Have a look at the Xcode 4 User Guide to
learn about all the techniques
I covered here and lots of other
helpful tips and tricks for using Xcode.
And next time you download a
major new upgrade to Xcode,
make sure you read the release notes
and take some time learning about
the latest features and techniques.
Because if you know how to
use the tools effectively,
this will pay off very quickly and
you can focus on building great apps.